#summary a rough roadmap for releases

This page contains some notes on the expected functionality that will be included in future iterations of Slug. Bear in mind that development is a part-time activity, with a priority set by what problems/features I either find interesting or necessary for my own projects.

Nagging is a good way to get features implemented. If I know someone is using the code, that's good motivation.

=alpha-3 "The Behaviour Release"=

Slug isn't very well behaved. It needs to:

  * Support the Robot Exclusion Protocol
  * Allow configuration of the User-Agent header
  * Implement throttling on a global and per-domain basis
  * Check additional HTTP status codes to "skip" more errors
  * Support white-listing of URLs
  * Expose and capture more statistics while in-progress

The following additional features will be useful:

  * Support Content Negotiation to allow for additional RDF syntaxes
  * Follow more than just rdfs:seeAlso links to find data, by allowing pluggable link discovery
  * Integrate a smushing utility for managing persistent data
  * Alter the Consumer components to be structured as a pipeline, enabling pre-processing of incoming content, e.g. to use GRDDL to extract data.

=alpha-4 "For Control Freaks"=

Slug needs to be easier to control. The Monitor component should be made pluggable to allow for a GUI or Web Application to be used to control the Scutter.

=beta-1 "Testing, Testing"=

Concentrate on additional unit and functional testing. Aim to have stabilised APIs, particular around the component model to aim for a stable 1.0 release. 